Adding a non-fungible token standard (#116)
FuelLabs/sway-libs: standards/frc721/README.md

<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset=".docs/frc-721-logo-dark-theme.png">
        <img alt="SwayApps logo" width="400px" src=".docs/frc-721-logo-light-theme.png">
    </picture>
</p>

## Overview

The FRC-721 standard defines and outlines NFTs on the Fuel Network. 

The official specification can be found in the [frc_721.sw](./src/frc_721.sw) file.

To jumpstart the deployment of your own NFTs, the [NFT Library](../../libs/nft/) provides an easy to use outline following the FRC-721 standard and uses structs and traits for it's implementation.

## Functions

### `transfer()`

Transfers ownership of an NFT from on Identity to another.

> **NOTE:** At the time of a transfer, the approved Identity for that NFT (if any) **MUST** be reset to Option::None.

### `approve()`

Sets or reafirms the approved Identity for an NFT.

> **NOTE:** The approved Identity for the specified NFT **MAY** transfer the token to a new owner.

### `set_approval_for_all()`

> Enables or disables approval for a third party "Operator" to manages all of `msg_sender()`'s NFTs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables or disables approval for a third party "Operator" to manage all of `msg_sender()`'s NFTs.
```

> **NOTE:** An operator for an Identity **MAY** transfer and MAY set approved Identities for all tokens owned by the `msg_sender()`.

### `approved()`

Gets the approved Identity for a single NFT.

> **NOTE:** Option::None indicates there is no approved Identity.

### `balance_of()`

> Returns he number of NFTs owner by an Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the number of NFTs owned by an Identity.
```
